##### Daily Habits

**Making Tiny Changes Daily And Compounding The Benefits Over Time**
I would encourage anyone to read the book [Atomic Habits](https://www.amazon.com/Atomic-Habits-James-Clear/dp/1847941834/ref=asc_df_1847941834/?tag=hyprod-20&linkCode=df0&hvadid=312021238077&hvpos=1o1&hvnetw=g&hvrand=12668689397333597709&hvpone=&hvptwo=&hvqmt=&hvdev=c&hvdvcmdl=&hvlocint=&hvlocphy=9030106&hvtargid=pla-551566274852&psc=1) by James Clear.  Many important points made that support the concept of small, consistent, incremental improvements leading to massive change over a long period of time.  James talks about how making a 1% improvement daily will result in changing who you are.  Your identity changes.  The truth is, small habits and little choices are transforming us every day already.  Some of those changes may be positive, or negative.    

**Reading**
I do not have a history of being a voracious reader, but I look at the habits of other successful people and they are typically prolific readers.  Knowledge is power, knowledge is confidence, knowledge is a tool.  What I do with that knowledge is just as important as having it, but beyond that, I ask myself, "How can I get that knowledge in me as much as possible in a meaningful manner?"  

One thing that I find exciting is audiobooks.  If I have 5 hours of commute time to and from work each week, that is roughly 1 book.  So while my total number of books I have read in any given year probably topped out at 2, I could see easily being able to increase that by a magnitude even if I was only successful about 40% of the time.  That is substantial.  So I signed up for my Audible free trial at Amazon.com and thinking ahead at the overall cost, $210 a year($15/mo.) for the membership which gives you 1 audiobook a month, plus an average cost of say $20 a book for another 8 books, would bring me to $160, and a total annual cost of $370 for the year to have read 20 books.  That is not a lot for a wealth of information.  I am making reading and listening to audiobooks a priority for my continued development.  

Of course, actual books are better than audio in some cases, and personally I prefer paper books to ebooks. I am not anti-ebook by any means and I have a Kindle with some content as another medium to read from.  When I started developing a more minimalist mindset about life, I donated all my books away and thought ebooks would be the way to go.  Now I am coming back to the old school appreciation for something more tactile, that I can more easily go back and forth through the pages with.  

Online content and forums are a good way to keep abreast of new developments in our industry, as well as find answers (Thank you StackOverflow!) to problems that puzzle us.  I would find several that you consider your go-to sources for daily readying and include that as part of your routine.  

